[Music]
you might remember a pair of ted-ed
lessons written and performed by two
educators Brad Wojtek and Tim burst
Ihnen is two scientists use a drooling
hag faced animated zombie as a mechanism
to model the symptoms and medical
diagnosis process for various
neurological conditions for example they
spent time debating whether the zombies
stiff gait was caused by bezel ganglia
damage like that in Parkinson's patients
or by severe damage to the cerebellum
which can cause ataxia in each lesson
Bradington certainly showed us how the
Walking Dead can help us understand
neuroscience but how can the Walking
Dead help us understand animation or
more simply put how did this one.i
decaying and very much dead pile of
pixels walk puppet animation is a
relatively quick solution to creating 2d
animation of a hand-drawn character
since the character does not need to be
drawn over and over again it can be
animated by moving each element
individually aside from their portrayal
and a few great modern zombie flicks
these concocted carcasses are generally
known for limited stiff movements the
traditional stride is perfect for puppet
style animation
[Music]
when designing a 2d zombie puppet or any
other type of puppet it is important to
find a design that is both fun and
functional in a flat environment for
example you might not want to puppet
eyes say Julie Andrews in the sound of
music as she spins in circles
we used rotoscoping for her but that's
another lesson always begin by sketching
and designing your puppet in a neutral
pose like this this will allow it to
easily transition into and out of a
variety of extreme positions once the
character transitions from concept
sketches the final design the next step
is to break up the pieces in order to
assemble a puppet keeping in mind that
each element needs to have an
appropriate amount of overlap so that
the zombie can been at his joints an
understanding of anatomy is an integral
part of designing any 2d or 3d animated
character that needs to move
realistically in the context of its
environment regardless of the number of
dimensions your character has you'll
need to create a skeleton which in
animation terms is known as a rig once
the rig is finalized and the range of
motion is determined the next step is to
choose anchor points each piece of
artwork has its own anchor point which
essentially assigns the limb a hinge
which in this case is a joint next line
the artwork up so that the anchor point
for the forearm elbow sits on the upper
arms elbow area once all the artwork is
in place you can use an expression
script that creates links between the
body parts in this case we use the
expressions provided in After Effects by
parenting one layer to another you can
teach the forearm to follow the upper
arm and the hand to follow the forearm
this is what's called forward kinematics
the alternative is inverse kinematics in
which a separate set of scripts control
the motions in this case a controller is
attached to the anchor point of the hand
the animator then uses the controller to
position the hand the scripts will then
use an algorithm to make sure that the
rest of the arm and body follows along
once the character is rigged we can
start animating oftentimes puppet
animation is done as straight ahead
action which means moving the character
frame by frame from beginning to end
another approach is pose-to-pose
animation which involves choosing your
key poses first and then filling in the
intervals or in-betweens later
regardless of the method of motion it's
important to think of your 2d puppet as
a piece of paper it can move across the
surface in a variety of poses but it
cannot move in perspective if your
character needs to turn its head then
you will need to create additional art
we created three different zombie heads
and six different hands to achieve
different movements and angles that the
neutral pose couldn't accommodate
you can recreate almost everything
you've seen in this lesson with a pen
paper and a camera the method is called
cutout animation and it was around well
before the age of software to create a
stumbling to D zombie or speeding
Norrell or even an abstract character
with some semblance of joints simply
print cut and fasten your character's
limbs together in a neutral pose you can
use fasteners string or even just place
and move them each time all the same
rules and theories that we used in the
computer apply to cutout animation
except under the camera the only way to
animate is straight ahead
[Music]